---
layout: post
title: "Weeknotes 4"
subtitle: "Roam"
---
- August was my last month as a New York resident. It's been a magical,
  frustrating, amazing place to spend the past decade, and leaving is
  bitter-sweet. We'll be shoving off for Valencia, Spain later this month. That
  laid back Spanish living will be a nice change of pace for a while. I'm not
  sure what comes after that---we're taking it one step at a time.

  After moving out of my apartment, we headed to an Airbnb we rented for the
  two weeks before our flight. It was the grossest damn thing I've ever seen.
  We encountered a cockroach within 2 minutes. The hand towel in the kitchen
  had roach eggs all in it. The dish soap was watered down so as to resemble
  water with a bit of blue food coloring. There was a leak under the sink
  that'd clearly been running for years---all the wood was rotten and moldy and
  horrible. I called Airbnb, and left almost immediately.

  We got super-lucky, and some good friends happened to be leaving for a
  camping trip for the exact two weeks we needed a place. They generously let
  us stay in their lovely Brooklyn apartment while they're out. So, we're holed
  up in an infinitely better spot while we await our flight out of here.
- Valencia happens to be the last stop in the MotoGP season, which will also be
  Valentino Rossi's final GP race ever. Hopefully covid remains enough under
  control in Spain, so that we can go cheer him on.
- My friend Andrew came up with this clever laptop stand called the [Basic
  Stand](https://basicstand.com). I picked one up as a lightweight/compact
  laptop stand to take while I'm traveling. It's very neat, and raises my
  laptop up much higher than the kind of standard aluminum stands we're all
  familiar with. My posture is thankful. Brilliant stuff.

