---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 25
subtitle:
---
- We rewatched Season 1 of Severance in preparation of binging Season 2. I'd
  forgotten a bunch over that 3 year span.
- Finished reading [Shop Class as
  Soulcraft](https://app.thestorygraph.com/books/f67ca6e1-24a5-4c0b-9768-f371c5750c32).
  It started out promising, and a lot of the talk about physical work being
  more satisfying than "thought work" resonated with me. Crawford's description
  of office politics and white collar office work processes and bureaucracy was
  as hilarious as it was apt. But the book just went on way too long, and he
  gave himself a bit too much rope to hang himself with, really devolving into
  that gross grey tribe politics. Lots of misogyny, "both sides bad", and
  self-indulgent rationalizations for why his life choices were good, actually.
  If you're going to read it, just do yourself a favor, and drop it at the
  halfway point.
- I've been spending far too much time emailing some cog-in-the-machine of
  Virginia's property tax department, trying to understand how they're valuing
  my car $5,000 more than what I paid for it. They claim to use J.D. Power
  estimates, and I've shown the J.D. Power estimate for the car is almost
  exactly what I paid for the car. Still they insist, without evidence, it's
  actually worth $5,000 more. The fight will go on, but I suspect I will
  somehow lose. This is double annoying because in Virginia, you're *also*
  taxed extra for having a fuel-efficient or EV vehicle. You try to do the
  right thing, and... 
- Played a bunch more pickleball this week. Tried out the courts at Forest Hill
  park, which are a heck of a lot closer, but also significatly more crowded
  (and maybe less friendly?).
- I walk by this park all the time, but somehow had missed the gigantic Michael
  Jordan portrait on the basketball court until this week. Check out this bad-boy [from
  space](https://www.google.com/maps/@37.5651487,-77.4390239,79m/data=!3m1!1e3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDMxOS4yIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D)
- Went to Stone Brewing for a little afternoon warm day boozin'. They have a
  PB&J Berliner Weisse that tastes like you're drinking a PB&J. It's as weird
  as it sounds, and 'round about delicious as it is weird. Will get again.
- The U.S. MotoGP race is next week (in Austin), so folks will start tricklin'
  into the states over the next couple days. Wonder if they'll even hold a U.S.
  race next year, given the risky travel it now requires.
