---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 31
subtitle:
---
- Started motorcycle helmet shopping / researching. This is another one of
  those areas where the U.S. regulations seem comically inadequate when
  compared to most other developed counties. Europe's ECE certification seems
  much more legit than the U.S.'s self-certified DOT rating. The U.K. even
  [publishes how every helmet fared in their
  testing](https://sharp.dft.gov.uk/helmets/). One nice thing about these
  ratings is that in dispels the common "knowledge" that more $$$ = more
  safety. Some of the safest helmets on this list cost ~10% of their Shoei and
  Arai counterparts. Unfortunately, this seems almost unknowable for the U.S. market.
- Did a little more farm work this week. We put up a fence. And I only cut
  myself on the freshly-cut garden fencing once. That stuff is as sharp as it
  is unwieldy.
- New driver's license arrived in the mail. Everything looks good this time. 🎉
- Downloaded and played through the new [Raptor
  Cliff's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90wxLKwy4zE) course in Walkabout
  Mini Golf. Enjoyed this one a lot more than their last installment. It'd
  been long enough since I last played, my VR nasuea returned toward the end of
  the course. 
- The running progress continues. It's getting warm enough, that it doesn't
  feel like I'm actually progressing much. My Apple Watch VO2 max
  calculation assures me I'm getting slightly better.
- Voted in the Democratic Primary for VA's next Lt. Governor, Attorney General,
  and all that. It's remarkable how *little* information lots of these
  candidates put on their election websites. Most of the sites I visited
  basically were just lists of kind of braggy personal accomplishments, and
  absolutely no mention of policy positions or priorities they'd like to tackle
  in the jobs they're ostensibly trying to get.
- Watched my first F1 race in a long time at
  [Väsen](https://www.vasenbrewing.com). As it always seems to do, it reminds
  me how much more enjoyable MotoGP is in virtually every way. I just don't
  understand the popularity discrepancy.
