---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 41
subtitle:
---
- Cyn picked up some [horchata ice cream from Trader
  Joe's](https://www.traderjoes.com/home/products/pdp/horchata-ice-cream-074184).
  It is so choice. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
- Volunteered at the farm once again. This week we harvested a bunch of swiss
  chard, basil, and cucumbers to donate to the local food pantry. Helping
  others while drenched in sweat, small collection of bug bites. Summer
  volunteering: feel good, smell terrible. ![A few boxes of swiss chard ready
  to go to the food pantry](/assets/images/articles/chard.jpg)
- Changed the oil on the bike. The bike itself is a marvel of Honda
  engineering. Decades of refinement, thoughtful layout, and attention to
  detail. Except for the part where the oil filter sits directly above the
  exhaust pipes. So, by design, the second you remove the filter, oil
  dribbles onto the exhaust. And the next time you start it, it cooks itself
  into an unfortunate incense. Nothing says "I take care of my machinery" like
  riding around smelling like a tire fire.
- Cyn also harvested basil at home, and now we are in pesto mode until further
  notice. The house smells like an Italian grandmother's.
- Dug a new garden bed next to our existing raised beds. Bold move, considering
  I chose the hottest day of the year to dig holes in the sun for fun. I
  planted pumpkins, which require about eight feet of space each, because
  pumpkins are apparently introverts. We'll be growing two, maybe three. Enough
  for a very small, very sincere pumpkin patch. Linus would approve.
- We're into Season 2 of Stranger Things now. Still excellent
- Giving this vibe coding thing another shot, this time after reading [Justin
  Searls' essay](https://justin.searls.co/posts/full-breadth-developers/). This
  go around, I'm trying Claude Code, and to my surprise, it's going... better.
  I'm regularly running into token limits on the lowly $20 plan, but the 5-hour
  cooldown is not a bad way to get me to go do something else. That said,
  Claude still has strong "intern on their first day" energy. Example: while
  trying to better understand how much hand holding it needed, I gave it a big
  to-do list and ran it in `--dangerously-skip-permissions` mode. Bold of me.
  Seeing the tests were slow, it concluded: "Tests are
  taking too long. Pretty sure my code is fine. Ship it!". Reader, you'll be
  shocked to hear: it broke every test and none of the features I asked it to
  add actually worked.
