---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 36
subtitle:
---
- Entering **week 7** of waiting on the DMV to correct the single missing 0 on the
  title of the motorcycle I'm buying. An entire government agency stumped by a
  single digit.
- After reading Thomas Ptacek's [My AI Skeptic Friends Are All
  Nuts](https://fly.io/blog/youre-all-nuts/), I figured it was time to give the
  ol' "vibe coding" a try. I spent a couple hours just goofing around with it
  Zed's offering. While it's impressive at times (e.g., it was dropping
  debug statements like it knew what was up), it pretty quickly painted itself into a corner. Maybe there's a better
  order of operations for "prompt engineering" that would've avoided this
  outcome? I'm not sure. My belief remains: it was neat to watch, but I
  probably wouldn't choose to build software this way today.
- Played pickleball on Thursday. Played some doubles with a random older couple
  we bumped into there. They completely dusted us, 11-0. Very humbling!
- Some schmuck has been digging up / stealing plants from the community garden
  I've been volunteering at. Going to help the owner get a security camera
  system up and running this week, hopefully. Imagine getting caught on tape
  committing _plant theft_.
- Started the limoncello steepin' process, so we'll be properly ready for
  Mugello GP in a couple weeks.
- Cruised out to Ashland to check out their strawberry festival. I hadn't been
  to Ashland since college. Forgot what a cute little town it is, and the
  strawberry fest was a surprisingly big event.
- I finally pulled up the lone carrot that's been growing in our garden, and it
  looks like one of the space carrots from that [one Bugs Bunny
  cartoon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invasion_of_the_Bunny_Snatchers). ![A
  photo of an extremely ugly carrot on a wooden cutting
  board](/assets/images/articles/space-carrot.jpg)
- Still waiting on some full-throated [Happy Gilmore style
  apologies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edyVNlo5uW0) from the very
  "moderate" Trump experts who confidently assured me none of what's now
  happening would happen. Should be coming any moment now. I'm
  holding my breath in anticipation!
