---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Tones
subtitle: Making me say dumb shit more frequently than usual!
---
- Learning Mandarin is hard, man:

  是一点 （shì yī diǎn): _it’s one o’clock_<br>
  十一点 （shí yī diǎn): _eleven o’clock_

  Understanding these tones is not coming easily.

- Started growing some veggies indoors in preparation for the Spring. We've got some onions, bell peppers, arugula, two types of tomatoes, and jalapenos going for now. 
- The boards on our front porch have been getting a bit gnarled and wobbly. Most of the nails have totally rusted out, so they're held together by approximately nothing. My dad came and helped me disassemble it. In doing so, we discovered: 1. there's another porch under our porch, made of concrete. It's in extremely awful shape, and is crumbling apart. I assume it's probably made of reinforced concrete, and all the steel inside is rusting and falling apart and 2. the "new" porch is some fairly shoddy worksmanship. Anyway—the next house project is to figure out how to securely fasten our "new" wood porch joists to the slab of concrete underneath. We did successfully remove all the rusty nails, and replace 'em with a handful of screws until we figure out how to do phase 2 reasonably well.
- Speaking of Rust, I'm resuming my Rust (we're talking the programming language this time) education, a bit. I cruised through [the rustlings](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustlings) exercises, which were an excellent intro to all the things that make Rust a bit unusual. I feel like I can move forward moderately confidently with all borrow checking, lifetiming, and `Arc<Box<dyn Thing>>`ing now.
- Trying to pay less attention to political news. But holy moly, what a week. The "this is fine" meme feels woefully insufficient to describe our situation.
