---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 48
subtitle:
---
- Welp, summer's about over then, eh?
- Birthday week for both me and the cat. One of us is considerably older, wiser,
and more dignified than the other.
- <span id="taiwan-textbooks">A lot of my Mandarin learning has been kind of annoying. The bulk of Chinese
learning materials are, well, Chinese. And I'm primarily focused on talking to
Taiwanese folks. Like most countries that share a language, there's lots of
similarities, but also a fair number of important differences. So last week I
caved and ordered [some textbooks from
NTNU](https://mtc.ntnu.edu.tw/eng/book/A_Course_in_Contemporary_Chinese.html).
This week they arrived (crazy fast). I've only completed Chapter 1 so far, but
I'm happy as can be. The explanations are excellent, and have clarified a bunch
of things that had been driving me nuts. Textbooks work. Who knew?</span>
- <span id="espresso-dispute">Sold my old Flair 58 espresso machine on eBay. The buyer now claims it’s
“defective” because it “doesn’t build pressure.” For context: this is a lever
machine. You pull a handle, which pushes a piston through a stainless steel
tube, through a bed of coffee. That’s it. There are literally no electronics, no
motor, no pump. The only way it doesn't build pressure is if you didn't grind
the coffee finely enough. Which is a bit like filling up your Honda Civic with
diesel, watching it sputter and die, then calling Honda for a refund.</span>
- I guess I've been gyming just too hard, and managed to develop a weird cyst on
the palm of my hand. Going to take a break until I can get to a dermatologist to
check it out. Of course, that's going to be about a month's wait time. The old
trope is that in countries with socialized medicine you'll "wait months for
care." Except here in the U.S., you also wait months… but after paying an
insurance premium, a deductible, and the emotional toll of arguing with a
insurance middleman who hates their job.
- Headed up to NY to see some friends for Labor Day weekend. Going to try
the whole EV car trip thing once more, this time with a bit more planning.
Fingers crossed it goes better than our last couple extremely stressful attempts.
