---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 35
subtitle:
---
- Took a little hiking trip out to Shenandoah National Park for the first time
  since Cynthia's knee started having issues. Overheard some random dude there
  explaining to his ~5 year old son that "actually, if a baby fell from this
  cliff, they might just survive. See, they'd reach terminal velocity pretty
  quickly, then probably fall into a tree. There was a story about a baby
  falling 15 stories in NYC, and...". Who among us hasn't bonded with our
  fathers over what scenarios would and would not kill an infant?
- A few short months since the [last Richmond water
  crisis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/January_2025_Richmond_water_crisis), we
  [had another
  one](https://www.rva.gov/press-releases-and-announcements/news/city-richmond-issues-boil-water-advisory-customers-some-city)
  this week. Fortunately, this one only lasted 3 days. This is, of course, ignoring the whole "oops, we forgot to
  fluorinate the water" and the "oops, we accidentally dramatically over-fluorinated the
  water" fiascos.
- Speaking of Richmond water projects: the construction project on the sewer
  line on our block officially goes into its 4th month.
- Speaking of slow Richmond government projects: the work of fixing the single
  missing "0" on the VIN number on my pending motorcycle's title continues into
  its 6th week.
- Acquired the first of my motorcycle gear: got a helmet and some glovies.
- Yanked our dehumidifier out of the crawlspace (pain in the neck) and tested
  it out a bit with some breathing room. Confirmed it's dead. Think all the
  refrigerant leaked out somehow. Of course, it's *just* out of warranty, so
  we need to get a new one. Ordered a relatively cheap guy that seems to be
  well-regarded. Seems like lots of folks have problems with the model we have
  now.
- 🌈 Happy Pride Month to all you Pride Month celebrators. Know that this
  particular mediocre cishet white dude is in your corner. ❤️
