---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 52
subtitle:
---
- Weeknotes #52 comin' in hot. I haven't really been consistent for a full year,
  so this one's not actually all that significant, but let's pretend.
- As a last ditch effort to right the wrongs of [the eBay nonsense](posts/2025/09/07/weeknotes-49#espresso-return-plan), I filed a BBB
complaint against eBay. I, just now, got a wonderfully useless canned response
from them. Enjoy the significantly abbreviated message below:
  > Hello Lee,
  >
  > Thank you for reaching out to eBay [blah blah blah]. We understand you have concerns [blah blah blah]
  >
  > We take great care to remain neutral and unbiased [blah blah blah]
  >
  > In short: "We hear you. We read your message. We're going to do nothing but send you a significantly longer email that says nothing."
  >
  > Kind regards,
  >
  > Randall M.

  Thanks Randall M! After reading this, I noticed eBay charged me another $32, which now brings my
  total to $179 in losses. All because I dared use eBay to sell something, the winning
  bidder (who lived on the other side of the country)
  decided he didn't want it anymore and returned it, and I was left on the hook
  for all shipping costs, eBay's listing fee, and the sales tax, which eBay is
  just keeping. Cool business you're running there! I'd literally have been
  financially better off throwing the machine into the trash.
- [Ta-Nehisi Coates on Bridging Gaps vs Drawing
Lines](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-ezra-klein-show/id1548604447?i=1000728872635)
is incredibly good. Coates is really a master at cutting through Ezra Klein's
bullshit.
  > If you think it is okay to dehumanize people, then conversation between you
  > and I is probably not possible.

- Went to the dermatologist to check out that weird hand bump. The doctor looked
at it for about 14.5 seconds and concluded that it's a relatively harmless
ballooning of a blood vessel from some mystery past injury. A hand specialist
would be needed if I want to get it "fixed". So... back to the gym this week...
Maybe I'll rock some gloves despite not lifting weights nearly heavy enough to
make that feel ok.
