---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 38
subtitle:
---
- Fixed the busted washing machine. Here's to hoping this pump lasts longer
  than the 10 months the last one made it.
- Week 9 for the DMV title fixing process, and we finally heard back!
  Unfortunately, that message was one of rejection. The motorcycle was
  originally purchased in Michigan, and Michigan is where the title's VIN was
  originally goofed up. So Virginia's DMV requires Michigan to fix the title
  first, then re-submit the application.

  So, this week, I officially bailed on trying to buy this bike. I've wasted 9
  weeks of prime motorcyclin' weather waiting for this, I'm not going to waste
  another 9.
- <span id="nx500">So, relatedly, I bought a new motorcycle! Frustratingly, there aren't many
  used NX500's for sale, and I'm pretty much sold on acquiring one. So I bit
  the bullet, and got one new (2024 model) from a dealership a couple hours
  away. Got to put it to good use on a delayed Father's Day ride with the whole
  fam'. ![A photo of me at the Honda dealership sitting on my new
  NX500](/assets/images/articles/new-motorcycle.jpg) ![A photo of Cyn and I on
  the NX](/assets/images/articles/motorcycle-ride.jpg)</span>
- Mugello pizza + limoncello + affogato MotoGP party was a success. I tweaked
  the dough prep a little bit, and used a poolish I let ferment in the 'fridge
  overnight. Not sure it made a noticeable difference flavor-wise. But it is
  maybe a bit more convenient timing-wise.
- Guess that's pretty much it. Not much else going on in the world this week,
  right?
