---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 58
subtitle:
---
- NY pulled through on makin' me proud and VA pulled through on not fumbling the
ball completely. Nice job, everyone.
- Learned about a sneaky little IRS rule that, if you sell a single share in a
mutual fund that's set to use "Avg Cost" basis method, you permanently lock
every share you own into that basis method... forever. Sure would've been nice
to get some kind of warning about that before dooming myself. Between ACA
income requirements and maintaining liquid living expenses, it already felt a
bit like threading a needle with limited wiggle room. Now we've got
significantly less wiggle room still. I'm sure there's a sensible reason for
this rule. But it sure feels real dumb right now.
- Speaking of the ACA... Our health insurance premiums for 2026 are set to go up 6x
  what they are here in 2025. Neat system we've got, here.
- First time pickleballin' in a while. Was a tad rusty, but managed to win a
couple games. The weather was nice enough to ride the motorcycle out to the
courts. The ride home was a bit less pleasant on the hands. My summer gloves
will need to be swapped out for something a little more substantial soon.
- Cooked up an eggplant parm feast to celebrate our 5-years-of-togetherness
anniversary. Cheated on my teetotaling and had a little prosecco too.
- Met up with Ta at [Hill Café](https://thehillcafe.com) and sipped a NA beer
outside, enjoying the weather, the scenery, and the company.
- Listened to about 4 hours of [LazyChinese](https://www.lazychinese.com/)
podcasts in total this week. I can now understand about everything in the "beginner"
level episodes, and 70% of the "lower intermediate" ones. Also been reading a bunch
of graded readers at "lower intermediate" level. It feels kinda cool being able
to read entire (very short) short stories without pinyin/zhuyin aids on, and not having to
look anything up. Tiny milestone on a journey with an impossibly long way yet to go.
