---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 46
subtitle:
---
- Last week I failed my 3-times-a-week gym goal, but this week, I succeeded.
To the doubters, the haters, and the so-called "friends" who doubted me: eat it.
- For no particular reason, I watched [Civil
War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_War_(film)). Nothing like relaxing with a fun, lighthearted dystopia about America tearing itself apart.
- Finished reading [Project Hail
Mary](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Hail_Mary). It's like The Martian,
but with aliens. Andy Weir knows how to write a fun book. I think think one will
translate to film a lot better.
- After manually pulling espresso shots on my Flair espresso machine(s) about
every day for about the last 5 years, I've decided to become slightly lazier,
and acquired a Gaggia Classic Pro. Going to sell all my Flair-related
gadgets, and think it'll be about a wash, financially speaking. But ridding
myself of the early morning stress of managing a potential [pressure cooker
bomb](https://bellmanespresso.com/products/bellman-stovetop-steamer-50ss?srsltid=AfmBOoq25urDbXgSs59mVcq_Wvx7JYGFDbDHt7qSBLQB4oKNiIqZkaw1)
that is my milk steamer feels like a very zen decision. 
- Didn't renew Claude Code. According to `ccusage`, I burned through $1,041
worth of tokens, paid $100. Pretty sure Anthropic is subsidizing my lattes at
this point.
- Volunteered at the food pantry again. It's a mostly Taiwanese group that
runs this thing, so it's a nice chance to practice my Mandarin. By "practice" I mean
"butcher their language while they politely smile."
- Our pumpkin patch is going bananas. There are vines creeping in every
direction, and a billion flowers blooming and subsequently falling off. After
conducting some research trying to understand what's happening, I learned that
they're apparently all male flowers. So right now I've got the pumpkin
equivalent of a men's rights rally hosted in my backyard.
