---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 30
subtitle:
---
- Went to the DMV on Monday to fix up the litany of mistakes they made the last
  time I renewed my license. Address fixed, organ donation status restored, and
  class M motorcycle license is back, baby!
- I (kind of) bought a bike! Found an NX500 for sale in Charlottesville. Went
  to check it out, and it's, indeed, sweet. Continuing my DMV issues, we
  noticed the VIN on the title is missing a digit. (Aside: my inner computer
  programmer is screaming. How are there no validations on VIN numbers at the
  DMV, which are *always* 17 digits long?) So, I put a deposit down, and the
  seller's working on getting that mess straightened out.
- Spent some time re-organizing our shed to make room for this impending
  motorcycle ownership. It's downright roomy now!
- Our fence is beginning to show some signs of aging. So thought it'd be a good
  idea to stain it to protect it from the elements a bit. Just winged it, and
  bought a couple gallons of stain, and went to work. Burned through those 2
  gallons after staining about 10% of the fence. Did some math to figure out
  how much stain I'd need to complete the whole thing, and it'd cost more than
  replacing all the fence pickets with better quality pickets. New strategy:
  let it go! I'll just replace it after it looks sufficiently horrible.
- MotoGP race at Jerez this weekend. Quartararo got pole position, and managed
  an incredible 2nd place finish in the race today. More of this, please.
  Having 6 Ducatis in the top 6 is getting very old.
