---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Detour
---
- Week 1 of unemployment is in the books! I (kind of?) stuck to my exercise regimen and signed up for my first Habitat for Humanity gig this week (there's shockingly little need for volunteers right now).
- In a surprise to no one, Richmond's Department of [Public Utilities Director
  has
  "resigned"](https://www.wric.com/news/local-news/richmond/department-of-public-utilities-director-resigns-after-richmond-water-crisis-new-interim-leadership-announced/)
  after that whole water debacle. 
- My YMCAing idea didn't quite go to plan. Between the random dude hanging out
  in the locker room singing about Jesus, the lone squat rack, and how crowded
  it still was at 10:30am, I just couldn't be bothered to return after the
  first day. Instead, I picked up a set of adjustable dumbbells, and will just
  work with those until I'm in shape enough to need to lift something more
  substantial.
- All this cold weather has apparently gotten to our mostly neglected Prius. The 12V battery has crapped out. Even if we had jumper cables (we don't), apparently you're not supposed to jump cars from the Bolt. So I picked up a portable battery jumper dingus. No thanks to Toyota's extremely annoying design decisions*, it did ultimately do the trick, and the Prius runs once again.

  _\* **1.** You cannot open the trunk from outside the car if the battery is
  dead. So you have to climb into the trunk, remove the carpet, spare tire
  compartment, etc., stick your finger into a little hole to access a tiny
  lever to manually pop the trunk. **2.** The battery is then inside a little compartment that also requires entirely too much fiddling to expose. And **3.**, the positive terminal is covered by this extremely fiddly red plastic shield that took like 10 minutes to figure out how to remove without breaking it. Most things on most Toyotas are usually very easy to work on. They must've outsourced the 12V battery system to a BMW engineer or something. Not a pleasant experience!_
- Hold onto your butts. Gonna be a hell of a week ahead.
