---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 59
subtitle:
---
- Acquired some wintery-themed teas, and have been brewin' and sippin' those
nonstop this week. Mint is the best of the bunch.
- Got the Bolt inspected for the first time since its acquisition. Easy-peasy
pass. One maintenance-free year down. Although, the thing has randomly started
prompting me for a password for something, and I can't figure out it wants from
me or why it started doing this. Let me know if you have any clues here... 
- 這個星期我學了一個新字：火雞 <i>(I learned a new word this week: turkey. But
literally translated, it's "fire chicken", and I think that's... well it's at least
a little bit funny)</i>
- Feels like I've made a lot of Chinese-listening progress this past week. I can
  now listen to the Taiwanese Peppa Pig and understand about ~70% of what's
being said. Last month, that felt like a pipe dream. Since I started tracking a
couple weeks ago, I'm at ~15 hours of listening "comprehensible input". Probably
another 15 of reading short stories. This is not counting the several "free"
hours of listening to Cyn make fart jokes and calling the cat cute.
- Pickleball'd again. Again, mostly got my butt kicked. Went 2 - 3 against Ta.
- Went to watch Jess run in the half-marathon yesterday. The spot we arbitrarily
  picked to stop and cheer just so happened to be right in front of a friend's
house (had no idea they lived there). Small town, this Richmond place.
- Went on a little motorcycle ride with the ol' man again. Did our now usual
route in New Kent. But this time with the added anxiety of dealing with 40mph
cross-winds.
