---
category: Posts
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 39
subtitle:
---
- On Tuesday, we were invited to go watch the live filming of a local PBS
  gardening show, [Virginia Home
  Grown](https://www.pbs.org/show/virginia-home-grown/), that our neighbor
  cohosts. It was really neat to see behind the scenes how a live tv production
  is made.
- We're close to ticking over 600 miles on the new bike, so preparing to do the
  first oil change. We rode down to Williamsburg today, and on the return trip
  got caught in a monster of a thunderstorm. Cyn and I both would've been less
  wet after jumping into a swimming pool. It kind of sucks riding in the rain,
  but once totally soaked, it sucks slightly less than you'd think.
- Had a fun spousal cheese-related communication mishap. Context: Cynthia was
  making pesto.

  > Her: "Can you grate 3 or 4 cups of parmesan cheese?"<br>
  > Me: "Dang! That's a lot of cheese. You sure?"<br>
  > Her: "Yup! I'm making a lot of pesto"<br>
  > Me: "Ok then" <grates 3 cups of cheese><br>
  > Her: "Whoa! That's a lot of cheese, man!"<br>
  > Me: "Uh. Yea? You said 3 or 4 cups"<br>
  > Her: "No! I said 3 of 4. Like 3 slash 4. How do you say that?"
- We watched Squid Games S3. I don't understand how the writing is so bad. I
  know it's originally in Korean, and grant some room for translation
  silliness. But even the English-speaking characters' lines are just so
  unbelievably cheesy. Like the Saw movies, it feels like so much of the
  success of Squid Games came from the initial shock factor. Then they just
  didn't know what to do from then on, but plowed ahead anyway. Don't
  recommend.
- Edward Zitron's essay titled [Make Fun of
  Them](https://www.wheresyoured.at/make-fun-of-them/) is well worth a read. 

  A few gems:
  > “But Ed!” you cry. “You can’t just call Sam Altman an idiot! He isn’t
  > stupid! He runs a big company, and he’s super successful!”
  > 
  > My counter to that is, first, yes I can, I’m doing it right now. Second, if
  > Altman didn’t want to be called stupid, he wouldn’t say stupid shit with a
  > straight face to a massive global audience.

  Few things are more irritating than insisting Sam Altman is anything but a
  grifter. He's a slightly less incoherent version of Donald Trump. It's clear
  as day, he has no clue what he's talking about. He is a con man, through and
  through.

  > [...] the reason the powerful sound like idiots is because, well, they’re
  > idiots. They sound like Business Idiots and create products to sell to
  > Business Idiots, because Business Idiots run most companies and buy
  > solutions based on what the last Business Idiot told them.”

  Ed goes on a bit from here, describing the monkey-see-monkey-do behavior
  anyone who's worked in the tech industry has no doubt noticed. Fads must be
  followed. Why? Well... everyone else is doing it, and I want to look smart
  among my peers of business idiots, too!

  > The reality is far simpler: we have an industry that has spent nearly half
  > a trillion dollars between its capital expenditures and venture capital
  > funding to create another industry with the combined revenue of the fucking
  > smartwatch industry. What I’m writing isn’t inflammatory — in fact, it’s
  > far more deeply rooted in reality than those claiming that OpenAI is
  > building the future.

  Brutal.
